Dad is pissed.
It's in all the French tabloids.
We never trusted him.
He's a bum.
You have four children. two with whores.
Exactly but...
- I didn't marry them.
- Wow.
Bravo. what a hero.
Your husband fucked around.
Dump him.
I don't take orders from you.
Dad said--
Always his little henchman.
Time to come home.
Afraid I'll outshine you?
Always the greedy one.
You were sent here for one reason only.
To cover up a scandal
at a chemical company.
- And I did that.
- But you kept going.
And now you've become the story.
You're not thinking of the family.
They're appointing a new CEO.
I'll have total control
of a media company.
CEO and President of the Board.
We will have total control
of the narrative.
They say perception is half the battle.
in fact it's the whole war.
Like promising a heartwarming
Olympic story to our partners in Tehran?
I didn't know that girl would defect.
We're deeply leveraged in these games.
I took care of that too.
There are the vendors.
The stadiums. Our partners.
And the Seine.
The Seine. your pet project.
Financing the great cleanup.
Apparently it's still littered with shit.
Just worry about cleaning
up your own mess.
Lose the husband and come home.
His name is Miles.
- But I've talked to some scientists.
- Wait. Look.
- That's not safe.
- Relax. it's Fiji.
Just for dramatic effect.
That's the guy who sells food supplements?
You're such a snob.
Behold the next Senator from New Jersey...
home of Tony Soprano...
birthplace of the electric lightbulb.
This guy? You're kidding?
I'm supporting his campaign.
He has over a hundred million followers.
By tomorrow. this little story...
will be all over the world.
And you... you're out of your shit.
Don't thank me.
Well done.
I know.